to continue to drive in Delaware you must apply for and receive a Delaware driver license within 60 days after becoming a Delaware resident. Although most traffic laws in all states are somewhat uniform, there are some that may be unique to Delaware. Because of this, we suggest that you pick up a driver manual at one of our offices to acquaint yourself with Delaware's traffic laws. When you obtain your driver license, you may also register to vote and/or become an organ donor through our offices. You must apply in person at one of the offices of the Division of Motor Vehicles in Wilmington, New Castle, Dover or Georgetown. You will be required to pass an eye test. The written test and the road test may be waived if you hold a valid driver license from another state. New residents should be prepared to provide one proof of identity, one proof of legal presence, two proofs of Delaware residence, proof of Social Security Number, and if applicable, proof of legal name change(s). For a complete list of acceptable documents, please visit our website at www.dmv.de.gov under general requirements. You may also utilize the "Document Selector Guide" on our website to ensure you have the appropriate documents prior to visiting the DMV. Upon receiving a Delaware driver license you must give up all valid licenses from other states. If your out-of-state license has expired, you must present to the division at time of application, a current driving record from your previous state of residence and be prepared for a written test. Unlicensed drivers must present a certified birth certificate with a raised seal to show their correct name and date of birth. If you are under 18 years of age, you must have completed a course in driver education, which must be approved by the Delaware Department of Education. Also, one parent (with whom the child resides) is required to sign your application. Those drivers under 18 years of age who transfer from another state will be issued a graduated driver license unless their out-of-state license was issued for over one year, and the driver has reached at least 17 years of age. Members in the military service and their dependents are not required to obtain Delaware driver licenses and vehicle registrations until 60 days after separation from the service. The fee for a driver license is $40.00. It is valid for 8 years (with the exception of immigration length of stay) and will expire on applicant's birth date.